Metadata-Version: 2.1
Name: standlib
Version: 0.0.7
Summary: A custom standard library module for Python
Home-page: https://github.com/BrunoCiccarino/standlib
Author: BrunoCiccarino
Author-email: ciccabr9@gmail.com
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3
Classifier: Operating System :: OS Independent
Requires-Python: >=3.6
License-File: LICENSE

Standlib 🐍

This project is a set of pre-built modules, functions and classes that were made to make your life easier when programming in Python, it works like a Swiss army knife.

Version:

* This library is still only in beta version, it is worth mentioning that this means that it is in constant development.

Instalation:

* To install it is very simple, just install it via pip ```pip install pystdlib``` and then you can use it without any problems.


Purpose:
The Double class provides a custom implementation for double-precision floating-point numbers in Python, offering greater control over precision and formatting than the built-in float type.

Attributes:

precision (int): Specifies the number of decimal places to maintain.
Methods:

* init(value, precision=None): Creates a new Double object.
* value (int, float, or str): The initial value.
* precision (int, optional): The desired precision. Defaults to the class-wide default precision.
* repr(): Returns a string representation suitable for debugging.
* str(): Returns a formatted string representation.
* add, sub, mul, truediv, mod, pow, floordiv: Overloaded arithmetic operators for performing various mathematical operations on Double objects.
* set_default_precision(precision): Sets the default precision for all Double objects.
* get_default_precision(): Gets the current default precision.

Features:

Customizable precision: Control the number of decimal places to retain.
Arithmetic operations: Supports addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, modulo, exponentiation, and floor division.
String formatting: Provides flexible formatting options.
Default precision: Sets a global default precision for all Double objects.
Internal Implementation:

Stores values as strings to maintain exact precision.
Implements custom arithmetic operations for accurate calculations.
Handles edge cases like division by zero and large numbers.
Benefits:

Improved accuracy: Avoids floating-point errors common in standard float types.
Flexibility: Customize precision to suit specific use cases.
Control: Offers fine-grained control over number representation.
Use Cases:

Financial calculations: Where precise calculations are essential.
Scientific computing: For applications requiring high-precision numbers.
Custom data types: As a building block for more complex data structures.
